hey guys mr. t LexA fly back in today
I'm going to be showing you guys how you
can get one of the best pieces of zombie
armor in black ops 2 origins now
basically what you have to do is you
have to get the golden shovel as you
just saw there now basically how you get
is you have to get a regular shovel
which spawns in the main room
after that you have to go and dig around
the map now once you do that you'll have
to dig around I think at least fifty to
sixty times it is a very hard thing to
get now what to get the golden shovel
basically you can dig a lot of better
stuff like more máximos and more zombie
Bloods and a lot of cool stuff like that
and also one other cool thing that you
can get is a mining hat now with this
mining hat you might not be able to get
it as soon as I did on my third try it
might take you a while I'm not a hundred
percent sure now once you get it you
will actually see on the bottom right of
your screen right beside your points
that you will have it and you also have
the golden shovel now I will show you
exactly what it does basically if you go
onto a robot or underneath its foot it
will do absolutely no damage to you as
you can see here the zombie clearly
stomps on me I didn't open the portal to
go inside and I still live now as I was
playing as Richthofen he said yes that
didn't hurt my brain and yeah that's
basically it what this does I'm hoping
that they actually have more sort of
armory parts in the origins because that
would be amazing I'm looking for some
boots
apparently that someone told me that
apparently you can run in the mud
without having any of these sort of
slowness or maybe with the gloves
something maybe armor with damage
resistance we're not a hundred percent
you sure yet but guys that's all I had
for this video so if you want to like
favorite share make sure to subscribe
guys really helps on my channel but
anyways thank you one more time and I'll
see you guys later
[Music]
fuck you